Title:        holding hands for safety
Author:       abnormal_reflection / sharkcat  
Summary:      Extended scene of when Sara and Ranmaru have to hold hands to get into the Discussion Room.
Age Rating:   General Audiences  
Fandom:       Your Turn To Die
Relationship: Chidouin Sara/Kageyama Ranmaru
Tags:         One shot, Extended Scene, Pre-Relationship, Fluff, Holding Hands
Notes:
    - Chapter 3 Spoilers
Word Count:   984 words
First Posted: 2020-10-25 on [AO3](https://archiveofourown.org/works/27176518)

---

Everyone finally agreed that it would be for the best if they all split up and searched for Midori separately. Sara gestured at Ranmaru to follow her out of the room. They both fell into step and tried to make small talk as they searched around the floor.

They made their way around the floor slowly, taking the time to explore each of the rooms carefully for any signs of Midori. Eventually, they came across what seemed to be a bathroom door. Sara suddenly stopped and looked up. Ranmaru followed her gaze to a sign above a bathroom door. It was of two people, one blue, and one pink, holding hands. Sara tried to open the door but it was shut tight. Ranmaru tried to help her but even with their combined strength the door still wouldn't budge. Sara looked up at the sign frustrated and unconsciously put a hand on her hip. 

*Cute* Ranmaru thought. The thought caused Ranmaru to freeze on the spot and panic a little.

"Is this actually a bathroom? It could be something else," Sara questioned.

"I mean, it looks like a bathroom especially with that sign," Ranmaru pointed at the sign hanging above their heads. Sara glanced at the sign again, her eyes lighted up with what seemed to be an idea. 

"Hey, I want to try something," Sara said looking over at Ranmaru unaware of his mini-crisis. 

"Uh, okay? What did you have in mind?" Ranmaru tried to remain calm and keep his voice steady.

It was at that moment that Sara walked up to him. Ranmaru didn't register what was happening until Sara had grabbed his hand. Ranmaru looked down at their intertwined hands, panicked and pulled his hand away as well as taking a few steps back. 

"Sorry, I should have told you I was going to do that," Sara looked genuinely upset with herself. Ranmaru instantly felt bad and retook the few steps he took.

"It's fine, really. You just surprised me," It was Ranmaru this time who grabbed Sara's hand and held it in his, looking away the entire time. Ranmaru cleared his throat and looked towards Sara. "So, why did you wan-" Ranmaru's question was interrupted by the bathroom door opening in front of them. Sara looked ecstatic.

"It worked! I knew it," Sara's smile was almost blinding.

"How could you have possibly known?"

"The people in the sign were holding hands, and the door wouldn't open by force. I thought the sign might have been a clue."

"That's really smart, Sara," Ranmaru blushed a little as he said that. Sara looked confused as to why Ranmaru would be blushing.

"Come on let's go inside." Before Ranmaru had a chance to respond Sara had already begun walking into the bright pink themed room, Ranmaru's hand still tight in her grip.

The room they walked into was indeed not a bathroom. It was a bedroom-like place, where everything inside was a shade of pink. Before the pair had a chance to explore the room a voice spoke up near them.

"Hello!" the voice said. Ranmaru jumped in his skin when he saw where the voice came from.

"Sara! Run, it's an Obstructor!" the person that appeared before them was a girl that wore a pancake hat and was covered in what looked to be maple syrup.

Sara tightened her grip on Ranmaru's hand and entangled their fingers together. She was just about to leave the room and drag Ranmaru with her when the voice spoke up again.

"Would you like some tea? I'll go get us some," Sara and Ranmaru both stood in shock glancing at each other confused. Their hands still attached. They both held on a little tighter than what was necessary for the situation.

Once the Obstructor had left the room, the two decided to explore and see if they could find anything that would be of use to them, maybe even a weapon in case things went south. Just when Sara had opened the drawer and pulled out a paintbrush and some paints, the Obstructor showed up.

"What are you doing with those?" the Obstructor asked.

"Oh, I was just..."

"It's fine, you're allowed to keep those if you want them. Here's your tea by the way," the Obstructor passed a cup each to Sara and Ranmaru. 

"Thank you," said Sara.

"So you aren't an Obstructor?" questioned Ranmaru.

"Oh no, I am. I just don't like to fight. I prefer to stay here and listen to people talk. After all, this *is* the Discussion Room."

"Discussion room?" Sara questioned.

The Obstructor nodded, "Yes, it's a place where you can think things out, analyse your feelings, speak your truth."

"Oh okay, that... makes sense," said Sara. 

"Oh! I almost forgot, my name is Maple," said the Obstructor. "And you two are Ranmaru and Sara if I'm correct that is. Which I am," Maple smiled as she said that last part. 

Sara and Ranmaru were uneasy due to Maple knowing their names without even mentioning them. Sara was the one who spoke up. "You know our names because you're an Obstructor, right?"

"That's correct. I should be going now. I'm sure you two have a lot to discuss. You two should come back here sometime, whenever who need to," Maple started to walk away before she quickly turned back around to face the pair. "You two make a cute couple by the way," she said looking at their conjoined hands. Sara and Ranmaru quickly separated and moved away, blushes on both of their faces. Maple then left the room leaving Sara and Ranmaru to their thoughts.

They both stood awkwardly in silence before Ranmaru broke the silence. "So, uh, that was awkward."

"Y-yeah it was. So we should probably go explore elsewhere, right?"

"Yeah, we should go," agreed Ranmaru.

They both left the room together but not before re-joining their hands.
Actions